## 每天十五个单词、句子，和时间做朋友

#### 2016/6/26
1.terrific 极好的
> she feels terrific as she has successfully lose weight.

2.rectify 改正
> I made a mistake, so i quickly rectified it.

3.tax 税
> we have pay to a tax on all of our sales.

4.petition 请愿书；请愿
> he asked me to sign the petition to legalize marijuana.

5.dignity 庄严，端庄
>  during the ceremony to honor their dead colleagues, they stood still with great dignity.

6.adjustable 可调整的
> the lamp is adjustable, so you can change its angle.

7.lavatory 厕所
> he is reading his favorite book in the lavatory.

8.computiations 计算
> i always use calculator to do my computations.

9.brutal 严峻的；严酷的
> this terrorist attack was incredibly brutal!

10.durable 耐用的
> we want a durable vehicle for this rough road.

11.lawyer 律师
> the lawyer was giving a speech to the judge.

12.imitate 模仿
> he eyes can help imitate other's movements.

13.breath 呼吸
> before we start out exercise. let's take a few deep breath;

14.classic 经典的；古典的
> this is a classic scene in the movie 'Titanic'.

15.belt 腰带
>  with this white belt, the boy could easily defeat his enemies.

#### 2018/06/27
1.marvellous 不可思议的，极好的
> what a marvellous dress you're wearing!

2.blink 眨眼睛
> he easily gains girl's attention with only one blink.

3.tower 楼，塔
> they stood in front of the tower and tried to break in.

4.accurate 精确的
> i made an accurate shot that killed the terrorist from a long distance.

5.preserve 保护；保鲜
> you can preserve food by putting it into the refrigerator.

6.imagination 想象力
> they imagination is an endless adventure that you create.

7.induce 引导，诱导
> the leader gives a speech to induce his followers.

8.immune 免疫者；免疫的
> the immune system is like a shell,protecting our body from disease.

9.pose 姿势；主张
> this team always show up with this same pose.

10.hind 后部的；雌鹿
> the dog stands on his hind legs until the owner gives him food.

11.resolution 决定；解决
> i made a resolution to quit smoking this year.

12.complicated
> math is a very complicated subject -- it makes my head hurt.

13.actual 实际的
> i refused the red envelope, but the actual fact was that i wanted it.

14.suspect 可疑的
> the suspect was body-searched by a policeman.

15.cognize 认知
> we cognize the abstract idea of time by concrete concepts.

#### 2018/06/28
1.prophet 先知
> the prophet said he would have a bad day.

2.tedious 沉闷的
> they think the long speech is so tedious, that they take a nap.

3.stationery 文具
> i have prepared all the stationery for my exams.

4.housekeeper 女管家
> i hired her to be my housekeeper since i'm too busy to clean my home.

5.reluctance 不情愿的
> i can see her relutance clearly.

6.colloquial  口语的，通俗的
> they studied mostly exam vocabulary but they were unfamiliar with colloquial words like 'wow'

7.outrage使震怒；残暴
> three thousand yuan for a lobster? what an outrage.

8.pants 裤子
> i bought several new pairs of pants.

9.accused 指责
> they accused each other of being wrong.

10.discipline 纪律；训练
> the discipline of the red army is very strict.

11.organize 组织；安排
> please organize the files by number.

12.pledge 保证
> holding his sword and kneeing down,he made his pledge.

13.firm 稳固的；公司
> come to my firm to get the best detective assistance in town.

14.historians 历史学家
> many historians study ancient history.

15.dependence 依赖
> i need to do something about my dependence on alcohol.

#### 2018/06/29
1.hardly 几乎不
> the man always at home and hardly goes out.

2.comprise 包含
> the usa is comprise of 50 states.

3.oversee 监督，审查
> the tow soldiers were appointed to oversee the assembly.

4.compatible 和谐的
> the compatible couple both like swimming and hugging.

5.hostility 虐待；敌对
> he raised his first show his hostility to them.

6.define 下定义
> how dose the dictionary define the word 'respect'?

7.negligible 微不足道的
> this amount of money is negligible compared to his daily allowance.

8.gravity 重力
> things fall down because of gravity.

9.vengeance 复仇
> the cat decides to take vengeance on his friend.

10.yease 酵母，发酵物
> yeast is what makes bread rise.

11.pastries 糕点，点心
> she was having pastries with her friend.

12.amateur 业余爱好者
> this office worker is also an amateur soccer player.

13.signify 表示
> traffic signs signify different things you must do on the road.

14.sham 假货，欺诈
> it's a sham! don't drink it!

15.periodical 期刊
> she liked to read this periodical which is published every month.

#### 2018/06/30
1.wild 荒芜的
> Say you'll see me again, even if it's just in your wildest dreams.

2.startling 令人吃惊的
> the startling news about the firing of my boos really surprised me.

3.geographical 地理的
> a geographical feature of this area is that it's rocky.

4.corrode 受腐蚀的
> the metal corroded because you left it out in the rain for too long.

5.satisfactory 令人满意的
> i deserved a satisfactory service at the barber shop.

6.countenance 面容，表情
> the countenance on her face is showing she has a great deal of anger.

7.choose 选择
> he had to choose from one of two bottles on the table.

8.electronics 电子学
> i studied electronics at university and can now fix this computer with easy.

9.frequent 频繁的
> my mom bothers me on a frequent basis.

10.genius 天才
> who is the genius among these three men?

11.inquire 打听
> the two detectives are inquiring about information related to the case.

12.practise 练习
> you had better practise for you big fight tomorrow!

13.round 圆的
> fortunately we now know that the earth is round, not flat.

14.bast 胸部；半身塑像
> this time,he has to solve the case about thatcher's bust.

15.primarily 首先；主要地
> primarily ,you make sure to reach school on time, said the teacher.

#### 2018/07/01
1.stretch 伸展
> everyone must stretch before playing a game or they could get hurt.

2.prescribe 开药；命令
> the doctor prescribe me some medicine for my cold.

3.have 有
> i have such a lovely family.

4.dietary 饮食的
> your dietary needs can be satisfied by fruit.

5.take 拿取，执行
> he took a file from the shelf.

6.roman 罗马
> the strong guy with a sword is a roman soldier.

7.equator 赤道
> the equator cuts the world into north and south.

8.pneumonia 肺炎
> pneumonia leads  to a reduction in breathing efficiency.

9.downstream 下游的
> the man lives downstream form me and drinks the river water that i use every day.

10.actress 女演员
> the beautiful woman is a popular actress in japan.

11.delegation 委托
> the german delegation received a warm welcome upon arrival to the Uk.

12.molten 熔化
> the molten iron  is poured into molds to cool.

13.activity 活动；行动
> we all like outdoor activities , such as  playing tennis and flying kites.

14.consist 由...组成
> this team consist of five guys

15.completely 完整的
> i've lost all my hair - i'm completely bald!
#### 2018/07/02
1.valve 阀门
> loosen the valve so the water can flow through.

2.continuity 连续性
> this loop can clearly visualize continuity.

3.riddle 谜题
> that riddle kept me up all night!what's the answar?

4.perform 表演；执行
> these girl's were performing on the stage.

5.vigor 生命力
> this exercise gives me a lot of strenth and vigor.

6.cereal 谷物
> wild cereals like grain were among the first crops people farmed.

7.patriot 爱国者
> captain america may be the no.1 patriot of his country.

8.voltage 电压
> be careful, this machine has a high voltage.

9.deviod 全无的,缺乏的
> the land he traveled through was complety devoid of life.

10.exhaustive 详尽的；彻底的
> hre research was exhaustive - she read every single book on the subject.

11.jug 壶
> i like drinking a jug of mike every day.

12.contaminate 污染
> the environment has been severely contaminated.

13.log 原木；日志
> the logs are put on top of each other.

14.operate 操作
> the boy is operating the robot.

15.thought 思维，想法
> he has many thoughts about his future. 
#### 2018/07/03
1.channel 频道；通道
> the voice of zombie is only shown on this channel.

2.appoinment 预约；约会
> i made an appoinment with my doctor.

3.reassure 使放心
> my mom reassured me that everything will be okay.

4.row 未加工的；疼痛的
> the row dough needs to be baked before we can eat it.

5.exception 例外
> the more you eat,the fatter you are,but she is an exception.

6.tube 管道
> these tubes are made of steel.

7.expend 消费
> they expend too much on luxury goods.

8.fume 愤怒
>  i'm so upset,i just want to fume about it for a while.

9.subscribe 订阅
> i subscribe to the daily newspaper.

10.pretend 假装
> sheldon is pretending to drive in a big race.

11.nonsense 胡说
> sorry anderson, but we have no time for such nonsense.

12.favorable 赞同
> my colleagues are favorable to my idea.

13.subjective 主观的
> the taste in art is a highly subjective matter.

14.apprehension 担心
> i have some apprehensions about this business deal.

15.electric 电的
> don't touch these wires,they will give you an electric shock.

#### 2018/07/04
1.potential 潜力
> just like the pony, we all have the potential to improve.

2.rent 租金
> pay the rent if you still want to stay in my body. says the boy.

3.magnitude 巨大
> the horrible earthquake here had a magnitude of 8.0.

4.heroine 女英雄
> the children thought of their father as a hero and their mother as a heroine.

5.likelihood 可能性
> i think the likelyhood that i will find love eventually is very high.

6.resolve 解决
> nothing shakes hisresolve of being a fluent english speaker!

7.unnecessary 不需要的
> oh,stop farting -- that's compelety unnecessary.

8.squeeze 压榨
> he squeezed the toothpaste into the sewer.

9.stir 搅拌
> he is stirring the sea with his stick.

10.insist 坚持
> that's my seat! i'll sit nowhere else! sheldon insists.

11.identity 身份；个性
> he has changed between many identities over the years.

12.real 真实的
> the mirror did not show his real relecttion.

13.risk 风险
> why would you risk your safely like that?

14.clap 轻拍
> he was claping his hands while on the bench.

15.mass 众多
> the man could manipulate a mass of puppets at the same time.

#### 2018/07/05
1.offence 冒犯；违法
> driving drunk is a legal offence.

2.wreaths 花圈
> wreaths are placed at war memorials.

3.grand 大钢琴；壮丽的
> the grand view  really amazed me.

4.photographic 照相的
> take my picture using your photographic equipment!

5.soil 弄脏；土地
> he held some soil in his hand.

6.end 结束
> the end of the race was very close.

7.buck 雄鹿；反抗
> the buck has battled many others to find a mate.

8.skilful 娴熟的
> you're a very skilful juggler!

9.skip 蹦跳
> the zombie easily skips the trap.

10.provide
> the little boy provided some bread for the ducks.

11.harassment 骚扰
> harassment from bullies can be very depressing.

12.tend 照料
> they tend the tree with care.

13.nest 筑巢
> hawkeye was trying to hide in the nest with the other hawks.

14.standard 标准的
> should this be the standard for the perfect figure?

15.clearnace 清空；清除；
> there's a clearnace sale,today only:50% off,everything must go! 

#### 2018/07/06
1.restrict 限制
> all students are resticted from entering that room.

2.excuse 借口；原谅
> this teacher always has excuses for being late.

3.live 居住；直播
> we live together because we're a family.

4.heap 堆
> the girl was buried in a heap of toys.

5.premier 首相
> churchill was a great premier in the UK history.

6.array 排列
> i was lecturing to an array of empty seats.

7.hierarchy 阶层
> there is usually a rigid hierarchy in most large corporations.

8.precious 珍贵
> these keys are very precious to her.

9.simultaneous 同时发生的
> i can do simultaneous tasks, like brushing my teeth and exercising!

10.wonder 惊奇;想知道
> what's behind the door? he couldn't stop wondering.

11.list 清单
> this list of things i bought is really long! 

12.ice 冰镇;冰块
> ice is just frozen water.

13.disrupt 扰乱
> i hate it when people disrupt the movie.

14.utter 发射
> Being patted on the butt, the horse was annoyed and uttered a growl.

15.best-seller 畅销书
> this item is a best-seller! everybody wants to buy one!

#### 2018/07/07
1.occasion 时机；场合
> the cake was cut and beer was served on the occasion.

2.activate 活动起来
> press the power button to activate the machine.

3.straight 正直的
> you say it's in the past; you drive straight ahead.

4.harvest 收获
> the farmer is harvesting the crops.

5.proclaim 宣告；声明
> you are not working hard enough! our boss proclaimed.

6.spot 发现；污点
> the cute little dog has many spots on him.

7.lax 松懈的
> the security guard is lax about his work; he is even sleeping now!

8.triumph 凯旋
> i win! he shouted in triumph.

9.realization 认识
> i suddenly had a realization that i forgot to lock the door.

10.sneak 偷窃；鬼鬼祟祟的
> the bad guy tried to sneak behind the policeman into the door.

11.astronaut 宇航员
> the little astronaut lands on an unknown planet.

12.read 阅读
> i may be an adult, but i like to read children's books.

13.eggplant 茄子；黑紫色
> i have no idea how to cook eeggplant, but i like to eat them.

14.code 密码；准则
> sherlock made a great code for his phone.

15.demoralize 使堕落
> i have written nothing all day,and it's starting to demoralize me.

#### 2018/07/08

1.无效的，没价值的
> the broken coin is worthless, you can't by anything with it.

2.bent 弯曲
> these nails are bent - they're useless!

3.aeronautics 航空学
> the boy was interested in aeronautics; he had a passion for aircrafts.

4.monument 纪念碑；遗址
> this monument of christ is located in rio de janeiro.

5.post 邮寄
> every day, our business posts about twenty letters.

6.configuration 配置，布局
> our new computer network has a starshaped configuration.

7.against 反对
> only oe person stood actively against him.

8.creature 生物
> is your favorite creature the dog,cat,or rabbit?

9.typical 典型的；代表性的
> it's typical for many japanese to eat rice this way.

10.publication 出版，发行
> the mangazine is finished and ready for publication

11.fellowship 友谊
> there was a strong ffellowship between these two men.

12.stich 缝，绣
> now that i'm without your kisses, i'll be needing stitches.

13.distinction 差别，区分；优秀，卓越；
> their titles are the distinction between them.

14.pharmacy 药房，制药
> he is trying to by some madicine at the pharmacy.

15.respectively 各自的
> the old couple dreamed to marry young man and woman respectively.

#### 2018/07/09

1.textbooks 教科书
> we have many strange textbooks and one of them will bite you.

2.basis 基础
> the alphabet is the basis of written english.

3.howl 嗷叫；哀嚎
> the rabbit started to howl to make the wolves distracted.

4.trifle 小事，无价值的东西；
> you gave me only one yen? but that's mere trifle.

5.extinguish 熄灭
> quickly, extinguish the fire before it grows.

6.battery 电池
> my phone is out of battery, it'll shut off soon.

7.plite 有礼貌的
> the student is very polite to his teacher.

8.mine 我的；采矿
> he found the mine buried in the ground.

9.geometry 几何学
> geometry is my least favorite subject-i hate it!

10.appreciation 感激；欣赏
> appreciation of art is a skill that needs to be nurtured.

11.peculiarity 独特性
> the bike's peculiarity is its front wheel -- it's square!

12.create 创造
> i created the painting all by myself.

13.growth 生长；肿瘤
> plants need sunlight for growth.

14.foam 泡沫
> he put foam on his hair, but did not wash it.

15.creation 作品，创造物
> no, i did not copy the design, this is my own creation.

#### 2018/07/10

1.drive 驾车
> she is driving her new car.

2.positive 正面的；积极地
> he was still positive regardless of disability.

3.respectful 有礼貌的
> she greeted us in a respectful manner.

4.principle 原则
> our business success is based on four fundamental principles.

5.poor 贫穷的;可怜的
> the poor homeless man begged for money on the street.

6.confuse 迷惑，困扰
> the cross road confuse him and he doesn't know which way to go.

7.disciplined 遵守纪律的
> soldiers are always disciplined,even when they walk.

8.imaginable 可想象的
> the tranformation she went through was far from imaginable!

9.rating 评价；收视率
> we recevied an excellent rating for out customer service.

10.sovereign 元首
> the pope has sovereign power in some areas;

11.psychological 心理的
> intense pressure results in paychological problems of the poor man.

12.set 放置
> many girls own a set of makeups.

13.bloc 集团
> the european union is the largest regional trade bloc.

14.tell 告诉
> she liked to tell him secrets.

15.rice 米
> he will cook rice for dinner.

#### 2018/07/11

1.oppress 压迫
> the poor employees are oppressed by their cruel boss.

2.camel 骆驼 
> the camle is know as the ship of of the desert.

3.horizontal 水平线
> the rice crops are planted in long horizontal rows.

4.sin 罪孽
> she went to church to confess her sins.

5.monarch 帝王
> the monarch sat down on his throne with the troops behind him.

6.seminar 研究班
> those who attended the seminar learnt a lot.

7.organic 有机的
> we dont't use chemical fertilizer,this is natural organic food!

8.collapse 崩溃;倒塌
> the red tower finally collapsed

9.villa 别墅
> she is rich and lives in a big villa.

10.persevre 坚持
> in the middle of danger, you must persevre and keep going.

11.devotion 热爱
> the cat shows devotion in action cute.

12.turkey 土耳其
> wow! turkey is such an amazing country!

13.insane 精神失常的
> they'll tell you i'm insane.

14.dilemma 进退两难的窘境
> he is in dilemma between the two desserts.

15.digest 摘要；消化
> the plant eats a zombie and digests it in a very short time.

#### 2018/07/11

1.eve 前夕
> we set off some fireworks on new year's eve.

2.open 打开的
> why did you open so many books?

3.reviewer 评论者
> the reviewer was making comments on this book.

4.priceless 无价的
> this antique which is being exhibited is priceless.

5.assure 向...保证
> he assures his little buddy that they'll be rich one day.

6.fearful 害怕的，担心的
> he is looking at him with a fearful expression.

7.strengthen 加强
> the woman lifts weights to strengthen her arms.

8.evidently 显然的
> evidently,it was my cat wo ate my dinner!

9.utmost 最大的，极度的
> i dirve at the utmost speed; it is so fast.

10.throne 王座；君主
> the boy on the throne made of swords.

11.overflow 泛滥；溢出
> my glass is overflowing; pour less water next time!

12.maintenance 保养；维修
> my car wasn't working so it needed maintenance.

13.mainland 大陆
> compared to the island,the mainland is much bigger.

14.mouse 鼠标；老鼠
> the creature looks a lot like a mouse.

15.reservation 预定
> we have a reservation, so our table is saved.

#### 2018/07/12
1.hunger 饥饿的
> his stomach made sounds because of his hunger.

2.worship 礼拜仪式；崇拜
> the little boy worship his idol so much.

3.seal 海豹；密封
> he pressed the official seal onto the envelope and nobody else could open it.

4.tale 故事
> he stayed up late at night with his book,just so he could finish reading the tale.

5.carefree 无忧无虑的
> she felt spontaneous and carefree as she ran through the field.

6.prose 散文
> this piece of prose is famous for its beautiful language.

7.decimal 小数的；十进制
> the decimal 0.5 is less than 1.

8.warfare 战争
> modern warfare broke out between the two clans.

9.mix 使混合
> he mixed the chili sauce, milk and wasabi for breakfast.

10.punch 拳打
> this man punched the giant in the face.

11.horizon 地平线；眼界
> the sun is slowly rising from the horizon.

12.preview 预告
> before the moive begins, previews for new movies are shown.

13.joint 共同的，连接
> my joints hurt from all this running!

14.reshuffle 重洗牌
> the dealer reshuffled the cards to make sure there was no mistake.

15.participant 参与者
> before the race began all of the participants lined up at the starting line.

#### 2018/07/13

1.commander 指挥官
> the commander was thinking about possible strategies.

2.independence 独立的
> america gained its independence from britain in 1776.

3.claim 索赔；声称；
> i want to make an insurance claim  for the damage of my car.

4.cape 披肩
> the monkey's cape looks so cool.

5.sustainable 可持续的
> recycling is the key to sustainable development.

6.resistant 抵抗的
> luffy's body is resistant to electricity.

7.solve 解答，解释
> i will solve this math problem in a minute.

8.subscriber 订阅者，捐献者
> as a newspaper subscriber, i get the paper delivered every morning.

9.corporation 公司
> baicizhan is a corporation with great morals and strong work ethics!

10.domination 统治；控制
> the fight for domination occurs in animals also.

11.hoisted 升起
> the large sail hoisted behind the mast,or main mast when there are more than one,of a sailboat.

12.denounce 谴责
> and if we fail,they will denounce us.

13.undignified 不庄重的
> such conduct is undignified for a person of his position.

14.migration 移民,迁徙
> when birds or animals travel regularly form one part of the world another

15.separate 使分离;p使分开
> it's being whispered about that jack and mary are to separate.

#### 2018/07/14

#### 2018/07/15
1.packet 小包
> each packet of sauce will flavor one meal.

2.dedication 奉献
> blood donation is a representation of the spirit of dedication.

3.cookery 烹调
> any man who knows cookery is very attractive.

4.electronic 电子的
> the dj played electronic music at the party.

5.owe 欠钱
> i owe my full mark to this phone app!

6.humidity 湿气
> all this humidity makes me sweat so much!

7.sweep 打扫
> the waitress of this inn is sweeping the floor.

8.largely 大部分的
> he users of this product are largely female.

9.academician 大学生，院士
> the academician deng is known as 'the father of two bombs and one satellite'.

10.allied 联合的
> churchill,roosevelt,and stalin were the main leaders of the allied forces in world war ll.

11.uncover 发现；揭露
> he finally uncovered the mask of this teacher,but saw nothing.

12.apartment 公寓房间
> the boy and his younger sister live in this apartment.

13.shame 羞耻的
> i knew you were trouble when you walked in ,so shame on me now.

14.rely 依赖
> babies rely on their parents for food and care.

15.enlarge 扩大
> the little UFO can enlarge the banana which those guys are holding.

#### 2018/07/16
1.radium 镭
> marie curie discovered the element of radium.

2.study 学习
> sorry i can't go out wiht you, i have to study for the exam.

3.able 有能力的
> now he is able to walk with out the help of crutches.

4.bring 带来
> every morning he brings me a package of things for my baby.

5.reliant 依赖
> babies are reliant on their mothers for food and care.

6.drag 拖累
> it's very hard to drag him out of the hole on the ground.

7.proton 质子
> protons are positively charged particles in the centerof an atom.

8.woollen 羊毛
> when i look at that sheep, i imagine a warm woollen sweater.

9.drunken 喝醉的
> there was a drunken man who passed out on the floor.

10.contention 争夺；论点
> there were only two candidates for the job left in contention.

11.conspire 共谋
> they conspire to play tricks on another boy.

12.mad 发疯
> you think that it's funny when i'm mad mad mad.

13.enlist 参加
> at the outbreak of war,he enlisted in the army.

14.handwriting 笔迹
> his neat handwriting is easy to read.

15.liberal 开明的人
> as a liberal, i always try to be open to new and progressive ideas;

#### 2018/07/17
1.harbor 港口
> the harbor contains so many boats.

2.depress 压下；使沮丧
> it really depresses me that i can never pay off my bills.

3.technological 技术的
> technological progeress has made all of our lives better.

4.genre 流派，类型
> books in the bookstore are arranged according to different genres.

5.narrative 叙述的
> the narrative of this novel is fascinating. i can't wait to know the ending.

6.employ 职业的;雇佣
> the tree man employs him to destroy the machine.

7.trim 修剪；装饰
>  howard has had his hair trimmed.

8.relation 联系
> they all have great relations with each other.

9.brick 砖块
> with such efficiency of carrying bricks, i'll get rich soon!

10.ornament 装饰
> we put the christmas ornaments on the tree every year.

11.flatten 把...弄平
> this tool is used to flatten cement so the surface will be smooth.

12.decision 决定
> i've  made my decision: i find the defendant guilty!

13.average 平均数
> the character's best chance to survice is to be no taller than average height.

14.fore 在前部的
> their manager stood at the fore while the team stood closely behind.


15.collection 收藏
> i own a very valuable collection of swords.

#### 2018/07/18

1.straw 吸管
> his straw is  so special;it looks like glasses.

2.distinguish 区别
> it's easy to distinguish the black duck from the yellow ones.

3.zone 区域
> if you're in my zone,you have to listen to me!

4.cricket 蟋蟀
> crikets are some of the loudest insects--they can chirp all night.

5.jelly 果冻
> max was feeding han jelly.

6.bull 公牛
>a bull market is a situation in which share prices are rising.

7.consent 同意
>  i give you my consent; you can do it if you want.

8.materialism 唯物主义
> even though i don't believe in materialism, i'd still prefer a suit to this barrel!

9.flower 花
> these pink flower are so beautiful. 

10.abide 忍受；坚持
> always abide by the road worker‘s instrution!

11.dump 哑的；沉默
> the duck is very dumb.

12.genetic 遗传的
> some diseases are genetic,meaning there's nothing we can do about them.

13.plate 盘子
> i can put much food on this big plate.

14.drawing 绘图
> that's a simple drawing of a big head man.

15.steep 陡峭的
> don't go too close to the edge of the steep cliff!

#### 2018/07/19

1.keen 敏锐的
> the boy in oranage has a keen sense of hearing.

2.mute 声音减弱
> the teacher commanded her students to mute their voices.

3.gunpowder 火药
> the gunpowder is in the bullet.

4.minimize 缩到最小
> he minimized the animal with this gun.

5.arc 电弧
> the arc of the building in St. Louis really lights up the night sky.

6.organ 器官
> the heart, brain and lungs are examples of vital organs in the human body.

7.sparrow 麻雀
>  Look! the little sparrow is resting on the tree branch.

8.analytic 分析的
> he has a very analytic mind, he loves to take things apart and see how they work.

9.insurrection 造反
> peasants always start insurretions during bad years with food shortages.

10.organism 生物，有机体
> samll organisms can make you sick.

11.debut 初次登台，刚上市
> the singer's debut was amazing! i hope he keeps playing.

12.living 生活的
> we must care for all living things on this planet.

13.evolution 进化
> through series of evolution he's in this ultimate form now.

14.compulsory 强制的
> you must follow traffic signs; obedience is compulsory.

15.valuable 贵重物品
> he was the must valuable player in the middle school.

#### 2018/07/20
1.valid 有效的
> the official stamp showed that my documents are valid.

2.mount 爬上
> he mounted his horse and got ready to set off.

3.import 进口，输入
> people prefer the goods that are imported form abroad.

4.select 选择
> which head protection would you like to select?

5.loyal 忠心
> i will always be loyal to you,my lord!

6.mug 马克杯
> be careful, that mug is a little hot.

7.tour 旅游
> john snow is taking those people on a tour of the norht!

8.direct 直接的
> he used his hands to direct the person the right way.

9.clarity 清楚
> the clarity of the water and the reflection is amazing!

10.organization 组织；机构
> this organization consists of many talented but evil ninjas.

11.peck 啄
> those birds must be pecking at some food on the ground.

12.hygiene 卫生
> hands should be washed with soap to improve hygiene.

13.microprocessor 微处理器
> the microprocessor in my old computer is too slow.

14.avenge 报复
> the prince avenged his father's murder.

15.hydrogen 氢气
> the balloons are fully filled with hydrogen in order to ascend to the air.

#### 2018/07/21
1.situate 使位于
> our compass helped us situate ourselves.

2.collar 衣领
> she stood on his shoulder and grabbed his collar.

3.daylight 日光；黎明
> daylight will kill vampires.

4.attachment 依恋；附件
> there is a deep sense of attachment between the fox and the rabbit.

5.refined 举止文雅的
> the model has a refined, pure appearance.

6.teenager 少年
> teenagers love to play video games.

7.wit 智力
> the wit of that little boy fascinates us!

8.solemnity 庄严，端庄
> the moment of silence is being held in solemnity.

9.pirate 海盗
> he is a pirate, but the acts funny all the time.

10.submissive 顺从的
> they're very submissive in front of their king.

11.brown 褐色
> she used to have bloned hair ,but now her hair is brown.

12.muscle 体力
> the strong boy is shwoing off his muscle.

13.assist 帮助
> the nurse will assist you in walking to your car.

14.sweater 毛衣
> i wear this sweater to keep me warm.

15.wholesome 有益于健康的
> the food was filling and wholesome.

#### 2018/07/22

1.coexistence 和平共处
> coexistence of a mosque and a church shows how far humanity has advanced.

2.celebrated 著名的
> she is a celebrated actress.

3.permanent 永久的
> nothing in life is permanent, but a diamond comes close to it.

4.wallet 钱包
> he put all of his money inside his frog wallet.

5.adverb 副词
> adverbs can be used to midify verbs.

6.flourish 繁荣，茂盛
> her hairstyle is just like a flourishing tree.

7.avocation 业务爱好
> playing badminton is just my avocation.

8.seriously 严肃的
> he studied the photo very seriously.

9.auxiliary 备用的
> we have an auxiliary generator to deal with sudden black-outs.

10.microphone 麦克风
> this man is using a microphone to give the speech.

11.dimension 方面；尺度；维度
> these shapes have three dimensions.

12.difficulty 困难
> i had some difficulties riding up the hill,but i made it.

13.paper 纸卷；论文
> i like to make notes on samll pieces of paper.

14.ratio 比率
> the ratio of boys to girls is about 2 to 1.

15.hut 小屋
> my hut is at the foot of the snow mountain.

#### 2018/07/23

1.perfect 完美的
> the man is perfect in every way.

2.layout 布局
> the paper shows the layout of the flat.

3.impropriety 不正当行为
> she showed gerat impropriety  by taking selfies during the interview

4.never 绝不
> elphants ,cows and pigs will never fly.

5.convey 传送
> the belt conveys the packages to the little guy.

6.crowd 拥挤
> my roof is crowded with visitors.

7.imagine 料想
> he can imagine that one day he will become a pilot.

8.probe 探测
> he held a device to probe for the location of the gold.

9.preference 偏爱
> i have a preference for fruits over sweets.

10.triangle 三角形
> a triangle is a shape with three angles and three sides

11.emigrate 移民
> i emigrate from my  old country in search of a better life.

12.cumulative 累积的
> the cumulative increase of taxes shows a growing trend.

13.millimeter 毫米
> the thickness of a single coin is one millimeter.

14.illstrate 举例说明
> our manager illustrated the sales with colorful charts.

15.defiance 蔑视
> the girl has a lot of defiance in her!

#### 2018/07/24
1.peak 山峰
>he climbed to the peak of the mountain to watch the sunset.

2.amplify 扩大
> you can amplify your voice with a megaphone.

3.halve 平分
> the orange is halved.

4.fear 害怕的
> the little girl fears that the chicken would hurt her.

5.rough 粗糙的
> the hands of the farmer are rought.

6.precise 精确的
> sherlock's need to be precise in everything is what makes him brilliant!

7.dim 暗淡的
> the light is very dim,i can't see who it is.

8.reporter 记者
> the reporter is interviewing guy with white hair.

9.complicate 复杂的
> those lines really complicates the relationship betwennt them.

10.amuse娱乐
> he tries to amuse his serious teammate.

11.religious 宗教的
> they pray and read the bible because of their religious beliefs.

12.host 主持人；主办
> they used corns as microphones to host the game.

13.patent 专利
> the maker of this vehicle claimed a patent on the design of the first car.

14.apart 分开
> they set one man apart from the rest.

15.stone 石头
> these stones come from a river and have been rounded by the watter.

#### 2018/07/25
1.efficient 效率高的
> he's very efficient at work, and can do many things at once.

2.ambitious 雄心勃勃的
> although he isn't young anymore, the businessman is still ambitious.

3.saturate 充满，饱和
> the street is completely saturated with hotpot restaurants.

4.courage 勇气
> it takes a lot of courage to do something dangerous like bungee jumping.

5.contagious 传染的
> she has to wear a mark to prevent catching the contagious disease.

6.philosophy 哲学
> i often think about the meaning of life and other questions of philosophy.

7.resourceful 足智多谋的
> our resourceful intern found a cheaper way to build the bridge

8.portray 描绘
> he loves portraying himself in paintings.

9.villain 坏人
> these three villains are infamous for the crimes they've committed.

10.requirement 必需品
> this company's requirements for hiring  are unusual.

11.whitewash 石灰水
> this wall is covered in stains, so it will need to be whitewashed.

12.pipeline 管道
> this pipeline will carry oil to another country.

13.convoke 召集会议
> i've convoked this meeting because i think you two need to discuss

14.audit 审查
> my main job is to audit the account every day.

15.low 矮的
> when temperatures are this low,it's best to just stay inside.

#### 2018/07/26

1.operational 操作
> the screen of my phone is broken, but it is still operational.

2.honeymoon 蜜月
> the newlyweds had a lovely honeymoon at the beach.

3.jaw 下巴
> the lower part of the jaw is highlighted in blue.

4.ray 射线
> the colorful rays of light make the stage look awesome.

5.prompt 提示
> my iphone prompts me to get out of bed and finish my paper!

6.disarm 放下武器
> she was learning how to use martial arts to disarm a criminal with a knife.

7.impulse 冲动
> when i go shopping it is easy to spend a  lot of money on an impulse.

8.economical 经济学的
> to save money, he always makes the most economical desisions.

9.skill 技能
> this man has these five skills.

10.decent 得体的
> the cat wears decent clothes.

11.guidance 引导
> my trainer gave me some guidance on my exercise schedule.

12.commercial 商业的
> commercial businesses make a lot of money.

13.external 外观的
> you can transfer the data using an external hard-drive.

14.encircle 环绕
> the zombies encircled the two men on the garbage bin.

15.interconnect 互相连接的
> this cable will allow you to interconnect.

#### 2018/07/27

1.advanced 先进的
> this science seems to be too advanced for him!

2.visa 签证
> i've got my visas ready, and now i can travel the world.

3.alone 一起
> there are benches along the edge of the grass.

4.tangle 纠结
> he got tangled in his phone cord after taking drugs.

5.tow 拖，拉
> the little boy towed the homeless dog home.

6.protect 保护
> the hound is protecting sansa from criminals who would harm her.

7.clean 打扫
> when my wife works late, i have to clean the house.

8.insurgent 叛乱的
> insurgents hide their faces and carry guns.

9.attentive 留意的
> older students tend to be more attentive in class.

10.local 当地的
> the local people have their own clothing and culture.

11.predict 语言
> fans believed that this octopus could predict the results of the game.

12.datum 数据
> we have set a unique password for every datum.

13.composure 镇静
> he needs composure if he wants to make it across the gightrope.

14.coarse 粗糙的
> this sack is made of coarse cloth.

15.creep 毛骨悚然的
> the cat is slowly creeping towards her.

#### 2018/07/28
1.turning 转弯处
> slow down before turning.

2.blame 责备
> i always get all the blame, but i never do anything wrong.

3.video 录像的
> he shot a video called called "fun with flags".

4.canal 运河，食管
> this city has many canals running through it.

5.loan 贷款
> a student loan helps many poor students go to college.

6.fertiliser 肥料
> how much fertiliser does a large corn farm need?

7.coworker 同事
> my coworker and i gathered for a meeting with our manager.

8.edit 编辑
> he is editing the film right now, he'll edit out the unnecessary parts of the film.

9.poem 诗
> this gerat poem was written by li bai.

10.crown 王冠
> wearing the crown and i'm the king!

11.brink 边缘
> be careful on the bringk -- you might fall off.

12.acre 英亩
> as a farmer , i own acres and acres of land.

13.distinctive 有特色的
> the red umbrella is distinctive from the others.

14.await 等待
> he is awating her  return to his world.

15.capsule 航天舱；胶囊
> sherlock examined the capsules in the bottle very carefully.

#### 2018/07/29
1.tuition 学费
> how much is the tuition at your university?

2.subsidy 补助金
> the government provided a subsidy for the startups.

3.exact 确切的
> the exact height of the tree is 5.386 meters.

4.prick  刺，戳
> the zombie is pricked by the plant badly.

5.lens 镜片
> this camera lens costs a lot.

6.win 胜利
> they finally won the basketball game.

7.crises 危机
> after a series of crises, our company had to shut down.

8.affirmation 肯定的
> he provided us with an affirmation of his plans.

9.loaf 一条面包；虚度光阴
> can this little boy eat the whole loaf of bread?

10.comparable 比得上，可比较的
> the two dogs are comparable in size and strength.

11.density 密集
> the high density of buildings makes the city so crowded.

12.drainage 排水;下水道
> this bathroom has a good drainage system.

13.spark 火星；火花
> cause i see sparks fly whenever you smile.

14.breeze 微风
> she smiled when a gentle breeze blew her hair.

15.questionable 可疑的
> he said he loved me , but his sincerity was questionable.

#### 2018/07/30

1.accomplish 完成
> i have accomplished my tasks on schedule.

2.receptor 接收器
> the cone receptors in our eyes are sensitive to different colors of light.

3.ignorance 愚昧；不懂
> she was very angry at him, but he slept on in ignorance.

4.shave 剃须
> the knife is too big for him to shave his beard.

5.cannon 炮击
> we put the zombie in a connon and shot it out, boom!

6.stumble 跌倒
> he stumbled and almost dropped the hamburger.

7.harden 变硬
> this mixture hardens after a few hours.

8.systemmatic 有系统的
> the building has a very systemmatic design, with every part repeated.

9.typist 打字员
> the typist is finishing her documents.

10.bicycle 自行车
> she rode her bicycle to travel around.

11.sue 控告
> he sued the other guy in court for murdering his cousin.

12.pact 协约
> they signed their names on the pact to show their agreements.

13.overlook 眺望
> he is overlooking an open area on a pile of books.

14.outdoors 在户外
> the parents take their kids playing outdoors.

15.championship 冠军的地位；捍卫
> the spanish football team won the championship in 2010.